Interface/asset-manager (#29)
cgi-studio-gmbh/incari-doc: interface/asset-manager.md

# Asset Manager

## Overview 
The **Asset Manager** is an organized collection of **Assets** that can be readily created, imported, deleted and updated. Below, you will find a depiction of the **Asset Manager** and its features.

![](../.gitbook/assets/interface/asset-manager/asset-manager.PNG) 

> ## Views in the Assert Manager 

Reviewer: Check spelling

Author: Thanks

> The **Assert Manager** can be *toggled* between a `flat` or `folder` `tree` `view` by clicking on the *stripe icon* ![](../.gitbook/assets/interface/asset-manager/stripeIcon.PNG) located in the toolbar of the **Asset Manager**.

Reviewer: Spelling

> The `flat tree` `view` shows **Assets** in a single-panel window while the `folder tree view` shows **Assets** in a dual-panel window. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `flat` view shows the **Assets** of the current folder in a single-panel, while the `folder tree` view shows both the folder's **Assets** and a side panel to navigate to other folders. 
```

Author: On the next line this explanation is given
I am not sure if this is needed?

The left panel of the `folder tree view` contains folders created by a user in order to separate different categories of **Assets**. If a folder is selected in the left panel, its corresponding contents will be displayed in the right panel.

### Lock Current View
A folder selected in the left panel of the `folder tree view` can be locked by clicking on the ![](../.gitbook/assets/interface/asset-manager/lockIcon.PNG) icon in the toolbar. Therefore, *clicking* on another folder in the left panel will have no effect in the right panel.

## Import Assets
New **Assets** can be imported in the following ways:

* *Clicking* on the *plus icon* button ![](../.gitbook/assets/interface/asset-manager/plusIcon.PNG) in the toolbar and then the `Import Assets` button from the drop-down list.

* *Right-clicking* in the left panel of the `folder tree view` > `Import Assets`. 

> 

Reviewer: Also dragging and dropping or using the Windows File Explorer (which is actually better because you can add folders then).

## Create Assets

> New **Assets** can be created by *right-clicking* in the right panel of the `folder tree view` &gt; `Create Asset` &gt; *the type of **Asset** desired from the drop-down list*.

Reviewer: You have to right-click in the folder itself. The folder tree is the one on the left.

Author: not sure of this, I guess then the naming conventions in the **Asset Manager** are also wrong, we should probably discuss this further

# Asset Manager

## Overview 
The **Asset Manager** is an organized collection of **Assets** that can be readily created, imported, deleted and updated. 

In order to open the **Asset Manager**,  *right-click* on the *file menu bar* in Incari and *click* on **Asset Manager** from the drop-down list. This can be seen in the illustration below:

![](../.gitbook/assets/interface/asset-manager/open-asset-manager.PNG) 

> Also, you will find a depiction of the **Asset Manager** and its features below:

Reviewer: The word depiction, to me, implies that something is an interpretation rather than a representation. Maybe just remove this line altogether as the image is self-explanatory

Author: it's removed
